README.md, before:

# kingpin

A drop-in MKAnnotation clustering library for iOS.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/itsbonczek/kingpin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/itsbonczek/kingpin)

__Update September 9th, 2015__

Kingpin is now [0.3.0](https://github.com/itsbonczek/kingpin/releases/tag/0.3.0). The following features are under test:

- Carthage support
- OSX support (no animations support yet)
- Dynamic frameworks: iOS and OSX
- 4 example apps: iOS, OSX, iOS-Swift, OSX-Swift.

## Features

* Uses a [2-d tree](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K-d_tree) under the hood for maximum performance.
* No subclassing required, making the library easy to integrate with existing projects.

## Installation

### Cocoa Pods

To get stable release in your `Podfile` add:

```ruby
pod 'kingpin'
```

If you want to use the latest version from kingpin's master, point your Podfile to the git:

```
pod 'kingpin', :git => 'https://github.com/itsbonczek/kingpin'
```

### Carthage

In Cartfile add:

```
github "itsbonczek/kingpin"
```

## Documentation

See [Documentation](https://github.com/itsbonczek/kingpin/blob/master/Documentation/Documentation.md) and [FAQ](https://github.com/itsbonczek/kingpin/blob/master/Documentation/FAQ.md).

## Versions

See [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/itsbonczek/kingpin/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) for details. All versions are tagged accordingly.

## Demo

Check out the **kingpin-examples** project.

## Licence

Apache 2.0

Commit message:

Readme: add note about framework usage

README.md, after:

# kingpin

A drop-in MKAnnotation clustering library for iOS.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/itsbonczek/kingpin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/itsbonczek/kingpin)

__Update September 9th, 2015__

Kingpin is now [0.3.0](https://github.com/itsbonczek/kingpin/releases/tag/0.3.0). The following features are under test:

- Carthage support
- OSX support (no animations support yet)
- Dynamic frameworks: iOS and OSX
- 4 example apps: iOS, OSX, iOS-Swift, OSX-Swift.

## Features

* Uses a [2-d tree](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K-d_tree) under the hood for maximum performance.
* No subclassing required, making the library easy to integrate with existing projects.

## Installation

### Cocoa Pods

To get stable release in your `Podfile` add:

```ruby
pod 'kingpin'
```

If you want to use the latest version from kingpin's master, point your Podfile to the git:

```
pod 'kingpin', :git => 'https://github.com/itsbonczek/kingpin'
```

### Carthage

In Cartfile add:

```
github "itsbonczek/kingpin"
```

### Dynamic framework

Currently latest frameworks are included to the project's tree, they are located in the `kingpin-frameworks' folder. If you want to use kingpin as framework be sure to read short documentation about using [Kingpin as dynamic framework](https://github.com/itsbonczek/kingpin/blob/master/Documentation/Framework.md).

## Documentation

See [Documentation](https://github.com/itsbonczek/kingpin/blob/master/Documentation/Documentation.md) and [FAQ](https://github.com/itsbonczek/kingpin/blob/master/Documentation/FAQ.md).

## Versions

See [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/itsbonczek/kingpin/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) for details. All versions are tagged accordingly.

## Demo

Check out the **kingpin-examples** project.

## Licence

Apache 2.0
